Clarify push trigger behavior for workflows (#3868)
mintlify/docs: agent/workflows.mdx

### Style audit

> Runs when changes are pushed to your documentation repository to catch style guide violations before they accumulate. This example workflow automatically fixes style guide violations and lists any violations that require human judgment in the PR body.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Runs when changes push to your documentation repository to catch style guide violations before they accumulate. This example workflow automatically fixes style guide violations and lists any violations that require human judgment in the PR body.
```
